Thematic data describes data that informs the calculation of performance measures, data collected in support of an intellectual work, and most other datasets collected by Implementing Partners. Thematic data does not include data incidental to award management, such as accounting information.

During **Activity Start Up**, the Data Steward will work with the A/COR and Implementing Partner to inventory all anticipated datasets to be collected, which will be documented in the **Data Inventory**, a Google Sheet stored in the **Activity Folder**. The Data Steward will use this opportunity to ensure the data will be collected and shared in a way that will be easily ingested into the **Mission Database**, share any existing datasets that might be useful, and confirm that proper consideration is given to any risk from collecting the data. This guidance will be documented in the **Activity MECLA Plan & DMP**.

During the course of the award or agreement, the Implementing Partner will upload thematic datasets and intellectual works to the **Thematic Datasets** and **Intellectual Works** folders within their **Activity Folder**. In addition, they will update the **Data Inventory** with links and short descriptions of each dataset. Sharing data and intellectual works via a well-structured **Activity Folder**, rather than email, makes it easier to maintain the information over time.

Once reviewed and cleared by the A/COR, the Implementing Partner will  upload intellectual works and datasets to the **Development Experience Clearinghouse (DEC)** and **Development Data Library (DDL)**, respectively.

The Data Steward will upload relevant datasets into the **Thematic Database** on a regular basis for use in Mission-wide analyses. At the same time, the Data Steward will upload new thematic datasets from the **Thematic Database** into the **Mission Database** using a semi-automated data pipeline. Preferably, datasets will be uploaded from the **DDL** with back-references for metadata and other data documentation. However, if a dataset is not uploaded to the **DDL** or as the Mission is transitioning to using the **DDL** more reliably, datasets can be ingested directly from the Activity's **Thematic Datasets** folder. **Public Data** may also be included when a relevant public data source is identified. 

The **Thematic Database** serves as the data storage back-end for the **Data Catalog**, a searchable front-end for the **Thematic Database** and the **Map Viewer**, an application for quickly visualizing the thematic data on a map. Both the **Data Catalog** and **Map Viewer** are made available publicly through the **Data Hub**.
