The Mission Data Management System proposes a new approach to Performance Measure (PM) reporting. 

Currently, A/CORs update the **PPR Tracker** for each Activity based on Annual Reports submitted by Implementing Partners at the end of the fiscal year. Some teams, but not all, utilize additional activity-specific performance measure trackers to collect data more frequently or collect additional disaggregates for specific performance measures. The MECLA Team submits the data to **FactsInfo** after drafting summary narratives and receiving necessary clearances. 

In the proposed process, the Data Steward would work with the A/COR and Implementing Partner during **Activity Start Up** to set up a shared **Activity Folder** on Google Drive. The Implementing Partner will use the guidance in the **Activity MECLA Plan & Data Management Plan (DMP)** to submit datasets in the appropriate format and the required frequency in the **Thematic Datasets** subfolder. Data from the **Activity Folder** can then be easily read into the **Mission Database**. (Recall that datasets which inform PMs are termed "Thematic Data" in the Agency, see more [here]('../Thematic Data/theme-component.md').)

However, the current process will need to be maintained at least until all Activities have converted to the new process. The **TrackerGEN** is a Google Apps Script tool that can be used by the Data Steward to automatically generate an **Activity PM Tracker** for any Activity. Using **TrackerGEN** will ensure the PM data can be easily ingested by the **Mission Database**.

Importantly, the **Mission Database** must be set up to properly store PM results and aggregate PM results in a meaningful way. The **DIS** will serve as the point-of-reference for PM metadata such as disaggregates and aggregation schemes. For any PM used in the Mission, the Data Steward will set up the PM in **DIS** and then download the **PM Template** to extract the necessary information using the **PM Template Reader** (not shown).

Finally, the Data Steward will query the **Mission Database** to summarize performance data. Until the Mission adopts the **DIS** for reporting, the PPR Tracker will be updated by the PM data of the **Mission Database** for reporting to **FactsInfo**. Any reports, presentations, and analysis generated in review of the PM data, for example during the Performance Plan & Report (PPR), will be uploaded to the MECLA Library and included in the Mission Knowledge Management system.